[Doc] Update the documentation about Dynamic SNode (#6752)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/basic/sparse.md

:::note
**Backend compatibility**: The LLVM-based backends (CPU/CUDA) offer the full functionality for performing computations on spatially sparse data structures.

> Using sparse data structures on the Metal backend are now deprecated. The support for Dynamic SNode has been removed in v1.3.0,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using sparse data structures on the Metal backend is now deprecated. The support for Dynamic SNode has been removed in v1.3.0,
```

> Using sparse data structures on the Metal backend is now deprecated (the support for Dynamic SNode has been removed since v1.3.0,

Author: ```
A removed feature is no longer available in the product.
A deprecated feature is not in active development and may be removed in a future update.
```
The sparse data structures are not gruadually deprecated, they are announced deprecated at the same time (v1.3.0).

> Using sparse data structures on the Metal backend is now deprecated (the support for Dynamic SNode has been removed since v1.3.0,

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification.

> **Backend compatibility**: The LLVM-based backends (CPU/CUDA) offer the full functionality of computation on spatially sparse data structures.
> Sparse data structures on Metal backend is deprecated (the support for Dynamic SNode is removed in v1.3.0,
> and the support for Pointer SNode and Bitmasked SNode will be removed in v1.4.0).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Backend compatibility**: The LLVM-based backends (CPU/CUDA) offer the full functionality for performing computations on spatially sparse data structures.
Using sparse data structures on the Metal backend is now deprecated (the support for Dynamic SNode has been removed since v1.3.0,
and the support for Pointer/Bitmasked SNode will be removed in v1.4.0).
```

> and the support for Pointer/Bitmasked SNode will be removed in v1.4.0).

Author: By means no later than, but I mean exactly in the version 1.4.0, neither before nor after.

> and the support for Pointer/Bitmasked SNode will be removed in v1.4.0).

Author: Reverted the changes

### Dynamic SNode

To support variable-length fields, Taichi provides dynamic SNodes.
The dynamic SNode must have only one axis, and the axis must be the last axis.
No other SNode can be placed under a dynamic SNode, that is, a dynamic SNode must be directly placed with a field.

> There must not be another SNode which axes include the same axis as the dynamic SNode in the path from the dynamic SNode to the root of the SNode tree.

Reviewer 2: I think we have stated many laws of the dynamic SNode, but we haven't shown the readers what a dynamic SNode looks like. Maybe it's better to put this paragraph in later sections?

### Dynamic SNode

To support variable-length fields, Taichi provides dynamic SNodes.

> The first argument of `dynamic` is the axis, the second argument is the maximum length,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first argument of `dynamic` is the axis, the second the maximum length,
```

Author: Will simply writing `the second the maximum length` confuse the readers? (For example I am a little confused) How about `the second one is the maximum length`?

Reviewer: We can use the original version then :)

> and the third argument (optional) is the `chunk_size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the third (optional) the `chunk_size`.
```

Author: ditto

> The `chunk_size` specifies how much space should the dynamic SNode allocate when the space already allocated runs out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`chunk_size` specifies how much space the dynamic SNode should further allocate when the previously-allocated space runs out.
```

Author: Applied with minor changes.

Reviewer: 👍

> For example, if `chunk_size=4`, the dynamic SNode initially allocates the space for 4 elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, with `chunk_size=4`, the dynamic Snode allocates the space for four elements to start with and adds space for another four when the 5th (and the 9th, 13th, ...,) element is appended.
```

Author: Applied with minor changes.

> For example, with `chunk_size=4`, the dynamic SNode allocates the space for 4 elements in the beginning, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, with `chunk_size=4`, the dynamic SNode allocates the space for four elements in the beginning, and
```

> When the 5th (, 9th, 13th...) element is appended, the dynamic SNode further allocates the space for another 4 elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

<center>

> ![Dynamic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taichi-dev/public_files/master/taichi/doc/dynamic.png)

Reviewer 3: It seems that the picture no longer matches the code snippet below. Shall we make a new one?

</center>

> The code snippet creates a struct field which stores pairs of `(i16, i64)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code snippet below creates a struct field that stores pairs of `(i16, i64)`.
```

Author: Why should we use `that` instead `which` here?

Reviewer: "That" defines and "which" qualifies. A which clause can be deleted without affecting the essence of a sentence. BTW, we tend to precede "which" with a comma.

The `i` axis is a dense SNode, and the `j` axis is a dynamic SNode.

```python {5,14,19} title=dynamic.py
pair = ti.types.struct(a=ti.i16, b=ti.i64)
pair_field = pair.field()

block = ti.root.dense(ti.i, 4)
pixel = block.dynamic(ti.j, 100, chunk_size=4)
pixel.place(pair_field)
l = ti.field(ti.i32)
ti.root.dense(ti.i, 5).place(l)

@ti.kernel
def dynamic_pair():
    for i in range(4):
        for j in range(i * i):
            pair_field[i].append(pair(i, j + 1))
        # pair_field = [[],
        #              [(1, 1)],
        #              [(2, 1), (2, 2), (2, 3), (2, 4)],
        #              [(3, 1), (3, 2), ... , (3, 8), (3, 9)]]
        l[i] = pair_field[i].length()  # l = [0, 1, 4, 9]
```

:::note

> The dynamic SNode must have only one axis, and the axis must be the last axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dynamic SNode must have one axis only, and the axis must be the last axis.
```

> No other SNode can be placed under a dynamic SNode, that is, a dynamic SNode must be directly placed with a field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No other SNodes can be placed under a dynamic SNode. In other words, a dynamic SNode must be directly placed with a field.
```

> There must not be another SNode which axes include the same axis as the dynamic SNode in the path from the dynamic SNode to the root of the SNode tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along the path from a dynamic SNode to the root of the SNode tree, other SNodes *must not* have the same axis as the dynamic SNode.
```
